Tiered Storage manual [HZ-4383] (#1047)
hazelcast/hz-docs: docs/modules/tiered-storage/pages/troubleshooting.adoc

> = Troubleshooting

Author: Max supported record size is a dynamic property, function of the max index chain length. Added a troubleshooting section instead.

= Troubleshooting

== Too Many Open Files

> Since Tiered Storage is backed by files on the disk, it increases the open file descriptor count of the operating system by the number of files it uses.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tiered Storage is backed by files on the disk. Therefore, it increases the open file descriptor count of the operating system by the number of files it uses.
```

> When Tiered Storage reports "too many open files", the open file descriptors in the operating system reached the maximum open file descriptors setting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When Tiered Storage reports "too many open files", the open file descriptors in the operating system have reached the maximum open file descriptors setting.
```

> In this case, Tiered Storage can't open more files, and it may fail to read or write data from, or to the disk.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this case, Tiered Storage can't open more files, and might fail to read or write data from, or to, the disk.
```

> Failed writes retry until they succeed to guarantee consistency of the internal state of Tiered Storage, but reads may get reported to the client.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Failed writes retry until they succeed to guarantee the consistency of the internal state of Tiered Storage, but failed reads might get reported to the client.
```

> By default, every map with Tiered Storage enabled, and every configured index of these maps use 128 files at maximum.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, every map with Tiered Storage enabled, and every configured index on these maps, use a maximum of 128 files.
```

== Tiered Storage Rejects Storing Big Entries

> Storing big entries may get rejected by Tiered Storage in the form of throwing exception with a message like below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Storing big entries might be rejected by Tiered Storage with an exception message similar to the following:
```

```

> The requested tiered storage record (combined key + value) size: <entry_size> is bigger than the maximum size: 524284. Increase hybrid log page size to store bigger values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The requested Tiered Storage record (combined key + value) size: <entry_size> is bigger than the maximum size of 524284. Increase the hybrid log page size to store bigger values.
```

```

The HybridLog data structure is internally organized in pages and the size of the page defines the maximum record size it can store.

> If this problem is experienced with big entries, increase the page size by setting the `hazelcast.tiered.store.hybridlog.page.size.in.mb`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If this problem is experienced with big entries, increase the page size by setting `hazelcast.tiered.store.hybridlog.page.size.in.mb`.
```

> Check the configuration page for description of this property.

Reviewer: For further information about this property, see xref:tiered-storage:configuration.adoc[].

Reviewer 2: Addressed with https://github.com/hazelcast/hz-docs/pull/1047/commits/b1b0860cd3a96d882f6ce94a84f1779f61070ad3

= Troubleshooting

> In this section, we've compiled a list of common problems that you may encounter along with their corresponding solutions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this section, we list common problems and their corresponding solutions.
```
